---
title: About
---
**Laura Linares** is a researcher and a translator based in Cork. She completed her PhD in Translation Studies at University College Cork, Ireland, in 2021, focusing on the translation of Galician narrative into English and the implications of the asymmetry between the two languages for the translation process, as well as the role of Spanish in the relationship between the two. Her main research interests include translation and ideology, cultural representation, translation in non-hegemonic cultures and the role of translation in the construction of identities in a global world, as well as the application of corpus-based methodologies to the study of texts and their translations. Recent publications include ‘Translating the literatures of stateless languages: translation grants and institutional support at the Frankfurt Book Fair’ (with Dr Olga Castro, Perspectives 2021) and the co-edited special issue “Crossing Borders in Translation and Interpreting Studies” for Galicia 21. Journal of Contemporary Galician Studies, issue I (2019).

As a practicing translator, Laura has over 10 years experience in the creative industries, focusing mostly on the translation of video games, although she has started to expand her portfolio to literary translation. She was nominated to the ‘Best Video Game Translation’ ATRAE awards in 2019 and recently completed a course on the translation of Irish literature at Literature Ireland. She is currently part of the in-house localization team at Playrix.
